# Changelog

All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/),
adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html),
and is generated by [Changie](https://github.com/miniscruff/changie).

## v0.19.0 - 2024-03-29

### Changes to Study

#### Added

* Completed Buy Sell Stock 4

Used an FSM approach that got in top 90% in both memory and space.
### Changes to Organizational

#### Changed

* Updated Code snippets

'leetclass' code snippet will now be simpler to support running tests via pytest

## v0.18.0 - 2024-03-29

### Changes to Organizational

#### Added

* Pytest Doctest settings to pyproject.toml

Setup doctest'ing using pytest by adding a table in pyproject.toml
#### Changed

* Rename leet-75 to leet_75 for python packaging
#### Fixed

* Fixed failing doctests

## v0.17.0 - 2024-03-29

### Changes to Organizational

#### Added

* Created a README.md

Contains general code layout and organization. Info on tools that are used in maintaining this repository

## v0.16.0 - 2023-09-30

### Changes to Study

#### Added

* 309. Best Time to Buy and Sell Stock with Cooldown

## v0.15.0 - 2023-08-06

### Changes to Study

#### Added

* 1143. Longest Common Subsequence
* 1035. Uncrossed Lines
* 1312. Minimum Insertion Steps to Make a String Palindrome

## v0.14.0 - 2023-08-05

### Changes to Study

#### Added

* Essentials of Dynamic Programming - 115. Distinct Subsequences
* Essentials of Dynamic Programming  - 300. Longest Increasing Subsequence
* Essentials of Dynamic Programming - 646. Maximum Length of Pair Chain
* Essentials of Dynamic Programming - 673. Number of Longest Increasing Subsequence
* 354. Russian Doll Envelopes
* 1964. Find the Longest Valid Obstacle Course at Each Position

## v0.13.1 - 2023-07-16

### Changes to Daily

#### Added

* 1601. Maximum Number of Achievable Transfer Requests
* 2305. Fair Distribution of Cookies
* 137. Single Number II
* 1493. Longest Subarray of 1's After Deleting One Element
* 209. Minimum Size Subarray Sum
* 2024. Maximize the Confusion of an Exam
* 207. Course Schedule
### Changes to Weekly

#### Added

* 465. Optimal Account Balancing
* 340. Longest Substring with At Most K Distinct Characters
### Changes to Organizational

#### Added

* Created Daily and Weekly challenge folders for July
* Created July Weekly Challenges Folder

## v0.13.0 - 2023-07-03

### Changes to Daily

#### Added

* Finished 2090. K Radius Subarray Averages for June 20
* Completed 1027. Longest Arithmetic Subsequence
* Finished
 - 714. Best Time to Buy and Sell Stock with Transaction Fee
 - 2448. Minimum Cost to Make Array Equal
 - 2090. K Radius Subarray Averages

* 956. Tallest Billboard done
* 1575. Count All Possible Routes
* 2462. Total Cost to Hire K Workers
* 373. Find K Pairs with Smallest Sums
Had a TLE bug on LeetCode with the Editorial Solution, so something weird
* 1514. Path with Maximum Probability
* 864. Shortest Path to Get All Keys
* 1970. Last Day Where You Can Still Cross
### Changes to Weekly

#### Added

* Finished 1214. Two Sum BSTs for Week 4
* 250. Count Univalue Subtrees

## v0.12.0 - 2023-06-18

### Changes to Daily

#### Added

* June 15 Challenge 1161. Maximum Level Sum of a Binary Tree
* 1569. Number of Ways to Reorder Array to Get Same BST
* 1187. Make Array Strictly Increasing
* 2328. Number of Increasing Paths in a Grid

## v0.11.0 - 2023-06-11

### Changes to Daily

#### Added

* Completed 1318. Minimum Flips
* Finished 1351. Count Negative Numbers
* Finished 1802. Maximum Value at a Given Index in a Bounded Array
* Finished Design Problem 1146. Snapshot Array
### Changes to Organizational

#### Added

* Added Month of June folder to Daily Challenges
#### Changed

* Updated 'designleet' code snippet to be more useful

## v0.10.0 - 2023-06-06

### Changes to Daily

#### Changed

* Update Time to Inform Employees to include a BFS approach also
* Updated 547. Number of Provinces to match format of others. Included BFS algorithms to solutions
### Changes to Organizational

#### Added

* Added more Ruff rules

almost all rules are enabled now
#### Changed

* Let Ruff try to autofix all rules
* Disabled Ruff iSort since iSort is used externally
Disable specific type annotation rules since they were overly strict for this project

#### Fixed

* Updated all code problems to conform to new Ruff Ruleset

## v0.9.0 - 2023-06-04

### Changes to Organizational

#### Added

* Switched Changelog management to use changie

## Leetcode-Problems 0.8.10 (2023-06-03)

=========================================

### Features Added

-------------------

- Added the usage of Towncrier to this project
- Finish Week 1 of June 2023 Weekly Challenges on LeetCode

0.8.9 (2023-06-03)

No significant changes.
